Speck system fix (#312)
plotly/dash-bio: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed issue with Clustergram rows and columns reordering incorrectly
  on the heatmap when precomputed traces are used to generate the
  figure.
* Fixed issue with Speck not rendering unless it is attached to a callback.

> * Fixed issue with Speck trying to calculate a system with no atoms,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevent Speck from trying to calculate a system with no atom.
```

>   which led to an error.

Reviewer: I suggest removing this line.

Author: @mkcor This is an issue that was fixed, though -- do you have an idea of how it could be worded better? (Or does this belong in another section?)

Reviewer: My rewording suggestion corresponds to making the whole sentence fit in one line, which is "Prevent Speck from trying to calculate a system with no atom." It says it all. We fixed an issue (when there was an issue, there was an error, but it's trivial so there's no need to specify it; it's not surprising that trying to calculate an empty system would lead to an error; it's not interesting to write out "there used to be an error" and the source code is clear and commented...).

"Prevent Speck from trying to calculate a system with no atom" makes it clear that *previously* Speck was trying to calculate such a system and clearly that was an issue!!

Author: Thanks for the clarification :) Fixed in 8a1f343!

### Changed
* Changed Clustergram to only return a figure by default, so that
  values no longer need to be unpacked.

### Added
* Added to Clustergram the ability to generate a "curve dictionary" to
  translate curve number (available in hoverData/clickData) to the row
  or column cluster it represents on the graph.

## [0.0.8] - 2019-01-04

### Fixed
* Fixed issue with Clustergram not reordering rows and columns after
  clustering.

### Removed
* Removed mentions of Dash events in OncoPrint component.
* Removed properties which weren't used in Ideogram component.

### Changed
* Changed property `fullChromosomeLabels` so that it can be updated
  using dash callbacks.
* Changed Imputer (deprecated) to SimpleImputer in Clustergram
  component.
* Changed property name `impute_function` to `imputer_parameters` in
  Clustergram component.
* Changed install requirement to Dash version 0.40.0 or greater.

### Added

> * Added ability to define custom colours in styles parser for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ability to define custom colors in style parser for
```
